Fix doc issues (#1124)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/authentication-and-authorization/secure-api-access-with-asgardeo.md

## Step 1: Assign scopes to an API in Choreo

You can provide fine-grained access control to your API resources with scopes. Follow the steps below to assign a scope to the resources in the API:

1. In the **Component Listing** pane, click on the component you want to attach scopes to.

> 2. On the left navigation, click **Manage** and then **Permissions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left navigation menu, click **Manage** and then **Permissions**.
```
